CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Thanks for your interest! There is still significant work to be done on the
core before accepting contributions generally, but there are a number of
TODOs throughout for which I would welcome some help. Currently these are:

* Any missing support functions for TT to be ported from existing Idris 2.
  I currently know about:
    - Core.mapTermM
* Tidy up Show instance for 'Term'
* Pretty printing of Term, TTImp and Raw syntax
* Please review the rules implemented in Core/Typecheck/Check.idr
    - Especially regarding quantities and universe levels
    - Needs fix: Test tt/unify004 will only work properly if scrutinees of
      case expressions are substituted in the environment when checking the
      right hand sides
    - Taking charge of maintenance of this typechecker would also be
      useful! It is only intended as scaffolding, but may also be helpful
      for debugging later so having a way to re-check elaborated progams
      from scratch will be useful.
* Tidy up the auto-implicits so that there are 'parameters' blocks where
  appropriate
    - I haven't always done this while porting large chunks from Idris 2,
      in the interests of making progress, but for the sake of tidiness and
      readability, it would be nice.
* Implement TTC instances
* Implement 'checkConstraints' in Core.TT.Universes. This should check
  whether the `uconstraints` are consistent and instantiate the names standing
  for universe levels as a `UniverseLevel` definition.
    - The algorithm Idris 1 uses is (probably) fine, and fast enough provided
      the queue of constraints is implemented differently!
    - For the moment it always succeeds. I am adding constraints as I work
      through unification/type checking.
* Implement an alternative conversion checker which is type-directed
* Do the parser for Core Syntax properly.
    - It is just a quick hack to allow setting up testing, experimentation, etc.
    - It would be still be nice if it got past the totality checker
    - Also, it would be nice to have a reasonably tidy parser for TTImp syntax,
      when the time comes to write an elaborator.
* Make sure the 'Libraries' modules are consistent with CONVENTIONS.md
* (Complicated!): Add a feature to Idris 2 which dumps raw TT in a form readable
  by Yaffle's raw type checker.
    - Useful for testing Yaffle's evaluator and performance, also as a check
      that the typechecker works.
    - I will leave the design up to whoever has a go at this.

edwinb's next steps:

* Test case tree compiler by supporting patterns in raw TT syntax
* Continue TTImp elaborator
  - Port all the missing imports in TTImp.ProcessDef
  - Complete ProcessDef
  - Implement 'check', elaboration of RawImp to TT
* Unification details (which will come up during elaboration...):
  - Inlining things with linear quantities in the context
  - We don't need 'inlineOnly' in the context any more, so remove once
    unification works and inlining metavariables works as it should
  - Implement auto-implicit search
* Implement/port the missing interfaces for TTC/HasNames
* Check TTCs work
  - Note on string table: Sometimes we shortcut TTC loading (when all we're
    interested in is which modules it imports), in which case we'd not actually
    want to process the string table pointlessly. So it may be that we want to
    process it lazily, and use the RawString instance for any Strings before
    the actual program data
* Add universe constraints when adding data definitions
  - Find parameters + other properties we need to know elsewhere
* Universe level solver
* Question: Should Errors use 'Value' rather than 'Term'?
* ???
* PROFIT

(Last updated 30th September 2022)

Commit message:

Add pattern matching definitions to TT
This allows us to try out more interesting things, see if the match compiler
works, etc.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Thanks for your interest! There is still significant work to be done on the
core before accepting contributions generally, but there are a number of
TODOs throughout for which I would welcome some help. Currently these are:

* Any missing support functions for TT to be ported from existing Idris 2.
  I currently know about:
    - Core.mapTermM
* Tidy up Show instance for 'Term'
* Pretty printing of Term, TTImp and Raw syntax
* Please review the rules implemented in Core/Typecheck/Check.idr
    - Especially regarding quantities and universe levels
    - Needs fix: Test tt/unify004 will only work properly if scrutinees of
      case expressions are substituted in the environment when checking the
      right hand sides
    - Taking charge of maintenance of this typechecker would also be
      useful! It is only intended as scaffolding, but may also be helpful
      for debugging later so having a way to re-check elaborated progams
      from scratch will be useful.
* Tidy up the auto-implicits so that there are 'parameters' blocks where
  appropriate
    - I haven't always done this while porting large chunks from Idris 2,
      in the interests of making progress, but for the sake of tidiness and
      readability, it would be nice.
* Implement TTC instances
* Implement 'checkConstraints' in Core.TT.Universes. This should check
  whether the `uconstraints` are consistent and instantiate the names standing
  for universe levels as a `UniverseLevel` definition.
    - The algorithm Idris 1 uses is (probably) fine, and fast enough provided
      the queue of constraints is implemented differently!
    - For the moment it always succeeds. I am adding constraints as I work
      through unification/type checking.
* Implement an alternative conversion checker which is type-directed
* Do the parser for Core Syntax properly.
    - It is just a quick hack to allow setting up testing, experimentation, etc.
    - It would be still be nice if it got past the totality checker
    - Also, it would be nice to have a reasonably tidy parser for TTImp syntax,
      when the time comes to write an elaborator.
* Make sure the 'Libraries' modules are consistent with CONVENTIONS.md
* (Complicated!): Add a feature to Idris 2 which dumps raw TT in a form readable
  by Yaffle's raw type checker.
    - Useful for testing Yaffle's evaluator and performance, also as a check
      that the typechecker works.
    - I will leave the design up to whoever has a go at this.

edwinb's next steps:

* Test case tree compiler by supporting patterns in raw TT syntax
* Continue TTImp elaborator
  - Port all the missing imports in TTImp.ProcessDef
  - Complete ProcessDef
  - Implement 'check', elaboration of RawImp to TT
* Unification details (which will come up during elaboration...):
  - Inlining things with linear quantities in the context
  - We don't need 'inlineOnly' in the context any more, so remove once
    unification works and inlining metavariables works as it should
  - Implement auto-implicit search
* Implement/port the missing interfaces for TTC/HasNames
* Coverage checking of case blocks
  - We used to do this by knowing that functions referred to a case function.
    Now we'll need to do something slightly different, so make sure it's
    tested properly, where there's a non-covering case block inside a function
    where the top level cases are covering..
* Check TTCs work
  - Note on string table: Sometimes we shortcut TTC loading (when all we're
    interested in is which modules it imports), in which case we'd not actually
    want to process the string table pointlessly. So it may be that we want to
    process it lazily, and use the RawString instance for any Strings before
    the actual program data
* Add universe constraints when adding data definitions
  - Find parameters + other properties we need to know elsewhere
* Universe level solver
* Question: Should Errors use 'Value' rather than 'Term'?
* ???
* PROFIT

(Last updated 30th September 2022)
